MTV-1719: Selecting a migration network for a CNV destination provider (#596)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/about-hook-crs-for-migration-plans-api.adoc

[id="about-api-hooks-in-migration-plans_{context}"]
= API-based hooks for {project-short} migration plans

> You can use migration hooks to perform automated operations on a VM either before or after you migrate it. Hooks that perform operations on VMs before migration are called _pre-migration_ hooks. Hooks that perform operations on VMs after migration are called _post-migration_ hooks. A pre-migration hook is performed om a VM that is located on the provider and prepare the VM for migration. A post-migration hook is performed on a VM after it has been migrated to {virt}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use migration hooks to perform automated operations on a VM, either before or after you migrate it. Hooks that perform operations on VMs before migration are called _pre-migration_ hooks. Hooks that perform operations on VMs after migration are called _post-migration_ hooks. A pre-migration hook is performed on a VM that is located on the provider and prepares the VM for migration. A post-migration hook is performed on a VM after it has been migrated to {virt}.
```

Basic grammar errors and typos

> You can use migration hooks to perform automated operations on a VM either before or after you migrate it. Hooks that perform operations on VMs before migration are called _pre-migration_ hooks. Hooks that perform operations on VMs after migration are called _post-migration_ hooks. A pre-migration hook is performed om a VM that is located on the provider and prepare the VM for migration. A post-migration hook is performed on a VM after it has been migrated to {virt}.

Reviewer: However, I would probably go for a block for each hook:

```suggestion
You can use migration hooks to perform automated operations on a VM, either before or after you migrate it. 

* Hooks that perform operations on VMs before migration are called _pre-migration_ hooks. A pre-migration hook is performed on a VM that is located on the provider and prepares the VM for migration.

* Hooks that perform operations on VMs after migration are called _post-migration_ hooks. A pre-migration hook is performed on a VM that is located on the provider and prepares the VM for migration. A post-migration hook is performed on a VM after it has been migrated to {virt}.
```

            name: playbook
          step: PreHook
----

> ////

Reviewer: If no longer needed, please delete lines 32 to 52

** If you need additional data to run the playbook inside the pod, create a Secret that contains credentials for the VM. The Secret is not mounted to the pod, but is called by the playbook.

. The {project-short} controller creates the `configmap`, which contains:

** `workload.yml`, which contains information about the VMs.
** `playbook.yml`, the raw string playbook you want to execute.
** `plan.yml`, which is the `Plan CR`.
+
The `configmap` contains the name of the VM and instructs the playbook what to do.

. The {project-short} controller does the following:

** Creates a job that starts the user specified image.
** Mounts the `configmap` to the container.

+
The Ansible hook imports the Secret that the user previously
. The job runs a prehook or a posthook as follows:

** For a prehook, the job logs into the VMs on the source provider using SSH and runs the prehook.
** For a posthook, the job logs into the VMs on {virt} using SSH and runs the posthook.

// Next, 1 or 2 procedure modules based on the blog.

> 

Reviewer: When you are ready, please, go back and remove any additional and un-needed lines, inline comments, and block comments

Thanks
